c:\users\hemant\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\ToDoList\ToDoList\bin\Debug\ToDoList.dll
c:\users\hemant\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\ToDoList\ToDoList\bin\Debug\ToDoList.pdb
c:\users\hemant\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\ToDoList\ToDoList\bin\Debug\ToDoList.ToDoList.apk
c:\users\hemant\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\ToDoList\ToDoList\bin\Debug\ToDoList.ToDoList-Signed.apk
c:\users\hemant\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\ToDoList\ToDoList\obj\Debug\ToDoList.csproj.CoreCompileInputs.cache
c:\users\hemant\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\ToDoList\ToDoList\obj\Debug\ToDoList.dll
c:\users\hemant\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\ToDoList\ToDoList\obj\Debug\ToDoList.pdb
c:\users\hemant\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\ToDoList\ToDoList\obj\Debug\android\bin\ToDoList.ToDoList.apk
c:\users\hemant\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\ToDoList\ToDoList\obj\Debug\res\layout\main.xml
c:\users\hemant\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\ToDoList\ToDoList\obj\Debug\res\values\strings.xml
c:\users\hemant\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\ToDoList\ToDoList\obj\Debug\R.cs.flag
c:\users\hemant\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\ToDoList\ToDoList\obj\Debug\uploadflags.txt
c:\users\hemant\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\ToDoList\ToDoList\obj\Debug\res\drawable\buttonsigninstyle.xml
c:\users\hemant\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\ToDoList\ToDoList\obj\Debug\res\drawable\buttonsignupstyle.xml
c:\users\hemant\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\ToDoList\ToDoList\obj\Debug\res\drawable\progressbarstyle.xml
c:\users\hemant\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\ToDoList\ToDoList\obj\Debug\res\layout\dialog_sign_up.xml
c:\users\hemant\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\ToDoList\ToDoList\obj\Debug\res\drawable\edit_text_style.xml
c:\users\hemant\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\ToDoList\ToDoList\obj\Debug\res\anim\slide_up.xml
c:\users\hemant\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\ToDoList\ToDoList\obj\Debug\res\anim\slide_right.xml
c:\users\hemant\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\ToDoList\ToDoList\obj\Debug\res\values\styles.xml
C:\Users\hemant\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\ToDoList\ToDoList\bin\Debug\Newtonsoft.Json.dll
C:\Users\hemant\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\ToDoList\ToDoList\bin\Debug\Newtonsoft.Json.xml
C:\Users\hemant\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\ToDoList\ToDoList\bin\Debug\FormsViewGroup.dll
C:\Users\hemant\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\ToDoList\ToDoList\bin\Debug\FormsViewGroup.pdb
C:\Users\hemant\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\ToDoList\ToDoList\bin\Debug\FormsViewGroup.dll.mdb
C:\Users\hemant\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\ToDoList\ToDoList\bin\Debug\ToDoList.dll.mdb
C:\Users\hemant\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\ToDoList\ToDoList\obj\Debug\android\assets\FormsViewGroup.dll.mdb
C:\Users\hemant\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\ToDoList\ToDoList\obj\Debug\android\assets\ToDoList.dll.mdb
